# Important

First of all, when you run examples _**2.getSubjectPresentationStatus.js**_, _**5.getEntity2PresentationStatus.js**_ and _**7.getPresentationStatus.js**_ and the result is `{exist:false, status: '0'}` the examples have not gone well. Probably because the DID of the subject or entity has been crushed and therefore it is necessary to re-run the examples located in the folder exampleCreateAlastriaID.

On the other hand, when example _**1.createPresentations.js**_ is executed, the PSMHash of the entity is also created, but there is no traceability in the blockchain, for that you have to execute example _**4.updateEntity2Presentation.js.**_

The last thing that is important to know is the order of execution of the examples, for this, each one of the examples has been ordered in the correct order of execution, which is the following.

1. ([`1.createPresentations.js`](./1.createPresentations.js)). This example creates the presentation with the help of the token library, the PSMHashes of both the subject and the entity are created and finally the addSubjectPresentation transaction is created and then sent to the blockchain by the subject. This example if everything went well should have the following result `{exist: true, status: '0'}`
2. ([`2.getSubjectPresentationStatus.js`](./2.getSubjectPresentationStatus.js)). In this example, what it does is ask the blockchain what the status of a certain presentation is for the subject in this case. To do this it is necessary to pass the PSMHash of the presentation for the subject and the did of the subject.
3. ([`3.getPresentationList.js`](./3.getPresentationList.js)).This example returns all the presentations issued by a certain subject. To do this, in the getSubjectPresentationList call, it is necessary to pass the DID of the subject you want to know about.
4. ([`4.updateEntity2Presentation.js`](./4.updateEntity2Presentation.js)). In this case, this example is executed when the receiver, receives the presentation sent to it by the subject. When this happens, the entity updates the status of this presentation to 1,which means received. This example if everything went well should have the following result `{exist: true, status: '1'}`
5. ([`5.getEntity2PresentationStatus.js`](./5.getEntity2PresentationStatus.js)). In this example, what it does is ask the blockchain what the status of a certain presentation is for the entity in this case. To do this it is necessary to pass the PSMHash of the presentation for the entity and the did of the entity.
6. ([`6.updateSubject1Presentation.js`](./6.updateSubject1Presentation.js)). This example is executed by the subject when they want the data contained in the presentation to no longer be used by that entity. To do this, the entity updates the status that is saved in the blockchain to 2, that means AskDeletion, so that later the entity updates the status to 3, DeletionConfirmation with the objective of not using those credentials that are inside the presentation.
7. ([`7.getPresentationStatus.js`](./7.getPresentationStatus.js)). This example returns the most advanced status, i.e. if the subject has been issued teh presentation, it will be in status 0, while if the entity receiving the presentation has received it, it will update its status to 1. If at that moment the function getPresentationStatus is asked, it will return 1 since it's the most advanced status.